Team/product name: Dollar Cup
Team members: Ani, Ha Na, and Meke
Problem we're solving: #4 - How can we use tech to teach financial awareness in underprivileged communities?

Objective: Create a tool that builds strong financial habits through healthy competition. Dollar Cup!

Summary: There is a steady stream of mobile and social games cropping up, and we want Dollar Cup to contend with the biggest and most accessible apps out there: Mint and Personal Capital comes to mind. They are extremely useful, but they are also very solitary experiences. 

What if we made it EXCITING to save?

We want our users to keep track of their savings in a fun and creative way: By entering gamification into the mix: keeping track of your 
savings, learning discipline and restraint, all while literally keeping your eye on the prize. That is what we set out for at Dollar Cup.

Anyone old enough to be able to handle money and read easy to understand financial literature like "Rich Dad Poor Dad" can use Dollar Cup. It's specifically geared towards focusing on tracking the money you deposit while tracking the points you rack up for all your "hard work": Let's be clear, there's NO hard work in this! It's easy peasy!

Nearly 45% of households are living in a state of financial insecurity*, with almost no savings. A good point to instill good saving habits is for those that are younger**, but it's never too late for anyone to begin saving.
* http://familyassetscount.org/
** http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/joca.12068/abstract

The simplicity of the app is a great selling point because the less visual stimuli the better. It's streamlined and the color scheme brings the viewer's gaze to the most important parts of the site.

Our creativity shined through building this app. Ha Na built most of the front end, Ani the back end, and myself in the presentation and face of the app. Our strengths all play a role in its implementation, and we are honored to present the app to you.





create profile -> create competition ( money saving, competetive reading, money saving/comp reading)



buisness side: partneting with banks, aHedge fund, and authors. 
